So let's make sure we can also hide the modal now and to hide the modal,
we basically need to remove the backdrop and the modal element from the DOM. To remove these elements
here,
I will store modal element in a property not in a constant and the same here for backdrop so that they're
are not just constants that are available in the show method but properties of the entire modal class
or of the instance we create based on the class to be precise, so that we can not just use them here
in the show method but in all methods of this class.
Therefore here of course whenever we use modal element, we need to use this modal element and also
down there when we append it to the DOM, we need to use this modal element and this backdrop element because
these are no longer variables or constants of this method,
these are now properties of the class instance.
Now we can use modal element and backdrop element also in hide and in hide,
I first of all want to check if we have a modal element just to be sure that
before I try to remove it that we at least have it and then we can use document body remove child,
this modal element, alternatively on more modern browsers, you can simply use this modal element remove
and of course also use document body remove child,
this backdrop elements so that we remove the backdrop, the background behind the modal as well
and then I'll set this modal element to null and this backdrop element to null and I do this to tell
Javascript that these properties are cleared and that the references to the DOM elements are no longer
needed and can be cleaned up so that we don't have them in memory and create memory leaks,
that's why I set these two properties to null thereafter.
This is one use case where setting something to null make sense because I want to make it clear that
this is reset and that I don't need these elements anymore.
Now with that, if we save that and we go back and click on get current location, we see that spinner here
but as soon as we got the location, it indeed is removed.
So that is working, the second and the other times are way faster which is why we only see this blink
up
but it generally works as we want
and with that we get the modal finished we can move right away to the next step and make sure that we
now also display a map with a pin on the place of the location the user got.